Link to references instead of source code (#12506)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/config.mdx

})
```

> There are many configuration options, most of which you do not have to ever worry about. For brevity, only the most relevant ones are used here. However you can view all the configuration options in the [SDK's specifications](/docs/references/posthog-js/types/PostHogConfig).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many configuration options, most of which you do not have to ever worry about. For brevity, only the most relevant ones are used here; however, you can view all them all options in the [`PostHogConfig` specification](/docs/references/posthog-js/types/PostHogConfig).
```
